Gimme that goddang vidja game!
Dale, you giblet head!
I am the mac daddy of Hiemlich County!
That boy ain't right.
Bobby, if you weren't my son I'd hug ya.
Ginseng tea? I'm not gonna get hopped up on dope!
An F in English? Bobby, you speak English!
Oh God no, an anthill on my new lawn!
Whoa there, Dr. Feelgood, I work at a propane dealership, not Woodstock.
Why are we watching a foreign movie? You'd think if it was any good they would make an American version.
The only woman I'm pimping is sweet lady propane! And I'm tricking her out all over this town.
Why would anyone ever smoke weed when they could just mow a lawn?
Who is calling me a liar, you or the machine? 'Cause I need to know whose ass to kick!"
Nobody likes a know it all who sits around talking about their genitalia.
Butane is the bastard gas.
I sell propane and propane accessories."
Bobby, from now on when I ask you how your day was, what I mean is 'how was shop'?
Bobby, if you're gonna do something wrong, do it right!
If Bobby doesn't love football, he won't lead a fulfilling life, and then he'll die.
A poodle? Why don't you just get me a cat and a sex change operation?
I wasn't flirting with her! I didn't even mention that I worked in propane.
Oh no my eyes are turning bloodshot, I'm going on a trip! I look like I'm doped out of my gourd!
My wife lies to me. My beer company betrays me. Americans are giving Mexicans diarrhea. What the hell is going on here?
Boomhauer, I can't understand a word you just said... what with all that legalese mumbo-jumbo.
Yep.
There's a spoon stuck to your elbow. Do you even know that?
Don't play lawyer ball, son.
There better be a naked cheerleader under your bed.
Dangit, Bobby, you're right-handed.
I'm gonna tie the long hair on your head to the short hair on your ass and kick you down the street!
"Cushioned shooting stands, heated blinds with automatic corn feeder." Well that's not hunting, that's shooting fish in a barrel.
Using a saw to kill someone makes more sense than using a gun to hammer nails. That's how my dad built my treehouse; that's how he cleaned it too.
Which idiot made it illegal to install a working toilet in your own bathroom?
Worker's comp? Do I look like a hobo to you? No, sir, I am not going on welfare.
When they say 'Mother Earth', they mean 'dirt', right?
I always say - if you plan ahead, then when things happen, you're prepared for them.
I can't enjoy a party until I know where the bathroom is. You knew that when you married me.
So are you Chinese or Japanese?
Yep, just walkin around in my lush, super plush, new lawn.
I'm not saying you're not good at what you do. I'm just saying I'm better.
You can't compete with this guy. He's a football player, and football players know how to treat a woman right.
Bobby, some things are like a tire fire, trying to put it out only makes it worse. You just gotta grab a beer and let it burn.
It's not cooking - it's barbecue!
I miss voting for that man.
The only reason why your nails should be black is because you hit them with a hammer.
If you call him Good Hank it's gonna look like I'm bad Hank.
Why are we watching a foreign movie? You'd think if it was any good they would make an American version.
Well, after I break 'em in in ten years they ought to be the perfect fit.
Has anyone seen an old man, about yea high, possibly shouting obscenities?
You called in a fake propane emergency? That's a $50 fine after I report it.
Dallas? I don't want you goin' to Dallas at all. That place is crawlin' with crack-heads and debutantes, and half of 'em play for the Cowboys.
They weren't dancing like you and I dance, Peggy. They were enjoying it.
This is a carburetor. Take it apart, put it back together, repeat until you're normal.
Dale, there are no robots and there are no Cubans!
Ok that tears it!
Bobby, I know we've never talked about this, but... someday, I'm going to die. And when that happens, then you can go to cooking school.
Don't go blaming the beer.
You shut your got-dang mouth or I'll shove that Ditch Witch down your throat and dig a tunnel straight through to sunshine!
I don't have an anger problem, I have an idiot problem.
What is wrong with you, boy? Why weren't you at church?
Isn't there some prison we can take him to? Make him pee in front of some criminals? That'll scare him straight.
Loser! You're a loser!
Are you feeling sorry for yourself? Well, you should be, cause you're dirt!
You make me sick! You big baby! Baby want a bottle? A big dirt bottle?
Sneaking into the movies is wrong. As wrong as spilling juice on a new carpet.
